to see that God is very wise, far wiser than you can yourself.
Verse 11, according to the eternal purpose which he peppers in Christ Jesus.
How many of us know that there is a purpose for everything?
God has a purpose.
God has a purpose and he's fulfilling his purpose in your life, in my life.
His will is coming to pass.
Even when you don't want it to come to pass, it's coming to pass.
So you must rest in your heart knowing that God is wacking out things in your life, especially if you ever pray that it will be done, that it will be done.
I mean, you don't have to be worried because he is wacking out his will in your life.
Receive it in the name of Jesus.
Shall I receive it?
In whom we have boldness and access with confidence by the faith of Him.
Amen.
Now everybody say boldness and access.
Now you see boldness and access with confidence.
You see every great person, these are two things that can be given to you or taken from you.
Boldness with access.
Laval, do you understand?
You can have access in boldness.
Confidence?
No, no.
Boldness and access with confidence.
Boldness and access.
Because you can be denied, like, so I don't want you to be near me.
So no, stay.
If you want to see, you call fast.
Make your phone call.
Apply.
One of my pastors went for a crusade.
He was going to see a pastor.
When he entered, he was told, remove your shoes before you come into my office.
Yes, remove your shoes.
He had to return to remove his shoes.
Another time, one of my crusaders went somewhere to have to go.
And when he entered, why did you not come with a tie?
You are coming to see me, don't wear a tie.
He was sent back.
He had to go and get a tie.
Another time, one of my crusaders went for a crusader.
I'm talking about pastors of churches in countries.
He went and he was told, he said, they saw 18 people.
When you see this person, they say, after that you can see this person.
Then after that you can see this person.
18 different departments.
before they never saw the man.
So the point I'm making, look at this scripture, in whom we have what?
Boldness and access, access.
These are two things you must treasure and pray that you have access and boldness, boldness and access with confidence.
Because these are gifts in relation to somebody who is important.
And God is saying that through Christ, you have boldness with access.
When I stand and I lift my hand like this, God is hearing my prayer.
You must fear the prayers of setting people.
Because God is hearing their prayers.
Yes.
Boldness with access.
As your neighbor, you are told, where do you have boldness with access to?
Where do you have access to in this life?
This is a prayer meeting.
I'm now leading the prayer topic.
I hope you are realizing what I'm doing.
Boldness and access with confidence.
Wow.
The starting.
Wherefore I desire
that you faint not at my tribulations for you, which is your glory.
You say tribulations are things that are part of this life.
You must learn to survive.
Tell somebody I'm surviving.
I am surviving.
All types of tribulations.
Hallelujah.
Those outside shout a man.
No, if you're inside, don't let me hear your voice.
Those at the back, yeah, shout a man.
Those are the chapels on the other side, shout a man.
No, not you here.
I mean, those behind.
Can they hear me?
Somehow.
Wow.
Well, swollen Sunday has technical problems.
All right.
But we are blessed.
Now, best 14, because I'm leading a parameter.
Are you enjoying the parameter?
For this cause, for this cause, I bow my knees.
Prayer is bowing your knees.
How many sometimes kneel down when you pray?
Please, if you don't kneel down at all when you pray, there is something, kneeling down is not a show.
There are some of us, when we come to church, we want to look spiritual, so that at time when you go, you will kneel down and say, oh my God, oh my God.
Now why are you in the house you don't kneel down?
Kneel down before, I was kneeling down in 1988.
in my room in Suhum.
When the power of God hit me, that is 31 years ago today, 31 years.
When the power of God hit me, I was on my knees.
I was on my knees.
I always feel a little, you know, I think I was kneeling down too much.
So at the point I started to have knee pain.
And then when the anointing came on me, I had a voice.
And the voice said to me, from today, you can teach, which was a sort of almost, you wonder why he was saying that, because I was already teaching.
But you see, now I'm teaching is at a supernatural level.
It's not so easy to fight my teachings.
And the force of the minister, Jesus said, if I have not done among them the works which no other had done, then you would have had no clue for your sin.
In this 31 years, if I have not done the works which no other had done, you will not be able to say whatever.
So sometimes people even hate me because they can see the power of God is working even though they don't like me.
May the power of God help you.
Oh, I say, may the power of God help you in Jesus' name.
Hallelujah.
By the way, this side is cooler than this side.
This side is like air-conditioned.
This side is like heater.
You should check the different areas.
Hallelujah.
Ephesians 3.14, for this cause I bow my knees to the Father.
of Jesus Christ.
Verse 15, of whom the whole family in heaven and earth is named.
We are a family.
I said, we are a family.
And you don't leave families.
Families, we stay.
Now, you see, some of us are so affected by our biological families.
But I want you to know that the blood of Jesus is thicker and better.
than your family.
What is in your family?
A lot of quarrels, a lot of problems, a lot of diseases.
Mention the diseases in your family.
You see that there's asthma in your family.
True or not true?
There's diabetes in your family.
When I say your family, your father, your mother, your uncle, your auntie,
Your cousins, it is somewhere.
That's why you can give birth to a child when you see the child, but your cousin's face.
Your cousin's face has come exactly.
You are shocked, he's like, sister, so has been born.
Meanwhile, it wasn't her who gets birth.
Yes, a cousin's face, because the cousin is in your genes, just as the asthma is in the genes.
that the bitches is in the jeans, all these things are in the jeans, high blood pressure, yeah, and then before you realize, it has been picked back, but, and a face is also in the jeans, so before you realize, bah, Uncle Soy and Soy's face has come on a girl.
Have you not seen that some girls will look like boys?
because an uncle's face has been picked from the genetic pool and slapped onto the person.
And there are some boys who look like girls, like a girlfriend.
They're very beautiful.
I don't know how we got into that.
One family.
And this family
has two paths.
Half, not half.
The family you know, I don't know whether it's half yet.
The family that are breathing alive on this earth, like us, and the family that are dead.
I have a lot of uncles who are dead.
My father is dead.
So in my biological family, some are out and some are here.
And in the same way,
This athlete family, this spiritual affine, some are in heaven already.
Isn't it?
Yes.
Don't you know any of our family?
Even in the first love church, we have some of the children who have already, already, look at that.
Look at that.
It says of whom the whole family in heaven and in earth.
So some of the family are in heaven, some are on earth.
Wow.
Is it not amazing?
Amazing.
Do you want to be in the family on earth or the family in heaven?
Oh, you want to go to heaven now?
No, that's what I'm asking.
Do you want to be in that side or this side?
This side.
Why don't you want me on that side?
I hear that side is the real side.
This side is the non-real side.
Listen, on this side,
you are just being given an opportunity to do something for the Lord.
Like this world in Sunday we are having, it's just an opportunity.
Amen.
An opportunity.
The day you can't do it again, you see.
You see.
Hmm.
That's 16.
This is why
We are giving this topic that he says, I bow my knees and I pray that God will grant you according to the riches of his glory to be strengthened, strengthened by his spirit in a man.
Amen.
That Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith and that you will be rooted and grounded in
Love, amen.
To know the love of Christ with passes all knowledge that you might be filled with the fullness of God, amen.
So I have said all that to give you the prayer topic.
Listen, brothers and sisters, God wants us to be strengthened.
How many want to be strong?
Those under the canopy, I cannot see your hand.
You think I can see you?
I can see you from here, I tell you.
I can see you, lift your hand.
I want to see your hand going up, beautiful.
How many want to be strong Christians?
Wow.
When you're a strong Christian, you can pray by yourself, amen.
You don't need to go and see nobody to do no prayers.
Let me tell you something, eh?
People care about their toothache more than about your cancer.
When somebody has a toothache and you have cancer, you may think that he is more concerned about your big problem.
He is more concerned about his small problem.
So you must learn how to be a strong Christian, not thinking that, oh, somebody somewhere is praying just for me.
The guy is snoring.
as you think he's praying, he's snoring.
And he'll get up and say, thanks be to God, shut up.
He was snoring big time.
Meanwhile, you thought you had an intercessor.
Today, there are people in Ghana who pay people to pray.
Yes?
Now, the Bible says, the prayer of a righteous man avillat much.
It's not everybody's prayers which work.
You may pay a wicked man to pray.
And his prayers are going away.
He's dropping the money to go and buy black and white.
You need the right kind of people to pray for you.
But you need to know how to pray for yourself.
How many are going to be strong in Jesus Christ?
I can see you outside.
Wow, strong in Jesus.
Now, what is he asking you to be strong in?
That you be rooted and grounded in love.
Love.
What is love?
If you were to ask me what love is, and I was given just one sentence, do you know with my limited knowledge, do you know what I would say?
Forgiveness.
Yes, if you ask me what love is, I would say if I was to give you just one word.
forgiveness.
Where you don't have forgiveness, usually you can't have love.
That is why girls struggle more at being loving than boys.
You would have thought that a beautiful girl is more loving than a handsome man.
But even the girls don't want to be employed by a fellow girl.
True or not true?
If you have themselves, forgiveness speaks of a large hat to accommodate many things.
Amen.
Yes.
That's why God anoints the head to have a broad accommodating hat to accommodate all kinds of people.
Many sisters have the power of deletion.
You, out.
You and you, the two of you, out.
You, you, you.
I don't like your faces.
You smile too much.
You.
I don't like the way you look at my husband, out.
True or not true?
You know yourselves.
That is why
A good leader must not be under the power of any person.
Yes, especially a woman who can say, do this, do that.
Because the world of a woman is a very small world, but God so loved the whole world, not just the three people that you love.
I thought that ladies would be saying amen and it would be very like total of light, baby.
But they are looking at me as if they don't really fully understand the better.
Your mouth like you don't understand that message.
Your world is a small world.
God likes a whole lot of other people.
He does.
God is kind.
He's got a big heart.
God accommodates.
So when God's love is in your heart, you accept and you accommodate a whole lot of people.
You just play on.
Everybody say play.
You know, when you watch a soccer match where they're free, play.
No, no, no, no.
You can't even be happy in the game.
Something small, no, there's a foul.
It's too many fouls.
The fouls that we are living fouls.
True or not true?
Yes.
We are living fouls.
Amen.
You have already fouled before you started playing.
And sometimes when you get a red card, you didn't even intend
to do the red card.
Like, Tyler, you are really trying to save the guy from going to score the penalty.
So you just, I mean, you just move your leg in slightly.
Oh, I realize you are going off.
Is it true or is not true?
So God is a kind God.
And he wants us to be rooted and grounded in love.
You are enjoying the church.
You don't want somebody else to enjoy the church.
Huh?
You are happy in God.
You are not thought of another person.
You just come alone.
How can that be?
God's heart is a big heart.
And He is opening His heart.
And today He wants to give you a big heart to accommodate.
Look, Jesus was on the cross, so last minute He turned and saw a thief.
Any other, Ticheli?
you like or you don't like.
That is, I like.
Tell me, let's go to heaven.
I mean, last minute, so winning.
To who?
Tapes, cutting ass.
Jesus is very, very good and kind.
Those outside, can you hear me?
I want only those outside to respond.
I'm coming to you outside because I need you.
I need to feel your presence.
Wow.
Those outside, I want to see your hand.
Can you see me?
I'm coming outside.
Yeah.
It's beautiful.
You're all welcome to this wonderful.
Wow.
Beautiful.
We are praying for the love of God, amen.
To fill our hearts.
God is going to bless us as we walk in His love, amen.
And we are filled with the Holy Spirit.
So we are going to pray for a few minutes, amen.
Now I want to say nobody should leave till we finish because we are not going to have a long service because of the
numbers of people, but you must make sure that you stay for the importer.
How can you go to buy fufu and soup without eating the meat?
So you must make sure you take the meat, isn't it?
Can I have an amen from somebody?
All right.
So God is blessing us today.
And he is making us to be filled with the Holy Spirit.
So today we are all going to stand and pray for just a couple of minutes for the Holy Spirit.
And then the choir is going to sing just one song.
And then after that, there's going to be preaching and then we'll be coming to the close.
Amen.
So how many are ready to pray with me for the Holy Spirit?
to make you a loving person.
Wow.
How many are surprised when somebody is offended by you and you didn't intend to offend a person?
God is it?
So you say me, but you are the one doing it, you see?
So sometimes we are not loving, but we think we are loving.
Some of you are thinking, when I marry him, I will give him an Italian massage.
But maybe it doesn't want italian masa.
He wants to get fish.
So your love that you have, it's not feeling love, it's feeling something else.
Amen?
Now everybody should stand up now with me and lift up your hands and let us pray in this few minutes for God to make us strong Christians to be strengthened.
And then number two,
to be filled with God's love.
Amen.
Lift your hand.
Look, hold your phone.
Don't let anybody steal your phone.
Put it in your, don't leave your, you see, you leave your, you cannot travel to Kuala Lumpur if you do that.
You lose your things at the airport.
How many want to fly through Hong Kong one day?
Hong Kong.
It's going to, this app, this church is a prelude to your many travels.
many troubles you will travel by the power of God.
Amen.
Now, once your phone is safe and your bag is safe, lift up your hands and close your eyes and concentrate on God, Lord, make me a strong believer and fill me with your wonderful love.
Let us pray.
Hola.
Everybody lift your hand and call on God, make me a strong Christian, strengthen me by your spirit, strengthen me by your spirit, strengthen me by your spirit, make me a strong Christian.
Maintally variable amandale beleba la mandole ba ba.
He la raba bandale bele bele ba ba.
He ba la raba bandale bele ba.
Malay telemukatalam bele mele bele.
Le ma shadale meke ramandale bele bele bele bele.
He la raba bandale bele bele bele bele bele.
Malle-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de-ba-de
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Father, in the name of Jesus.
Amen.
Now, I want you, I'm not seeing the lifted hands.
We are going to now pray for love, the spirit of love.
Everybody pray.
God, make me filled with the spirit of love to have a good character, a good behavior, a good temperament.
Pala Chateau Commandalibaba.
in the mighty name of Jesus, in the mighty name of Jesus, in the mighty name of Jesus, in the mighty name of Jesus, in the mighty name of Jesus, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you for the spirit of love.
Oh, yes, yes, yes.
Thank you for the spirit of love.
Thank you for the good spirit, Lord.
A good behavior.
A good attitude, Lord.
A good way of thinking.
A good behavior.
Thank you.
Thank you for the spirit of love that you've given to us.
In the name of Jesus.
Melindomalakalimorindalamata Melindoroboramalamalamalamalamalabere Perindalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamalamal
I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm going to say that I'm
Thank you Lord for this gift, for this gift in the name of Jesus.
Hallelujah.
Finally, the Bible says that Jesus said the greatest commandment is that you should love God.
Let us pray that we will all fulfill this great commandment of loving God.
That is also another meaning of the way the love of God is to love God.
And hearing we know the love of God that we keep His commandment.
Every hand lifted up like this.
That was His lifting holy hands.
Pray that you will be obedient to God and you will love God for the rest of your life.
Father, thank you for the power to be obedient to you and to love you for the rest of our lives.
We thank you for your power, for your salvation, for your mercy.
We give you thanks.
We give you praise.
We give you glory, Lord.
In the mighty name of Jesus, we pray with thanksgiving.
With every handlifted, our Father, thank you for hearing our prayer today.
Thank you for your blessing.
Thank you for touching every light that is somewhere in this compound.
We give you thanks and praise in Jesus' name.
And everyone said, amen.
God bless you, you may be seated.
Right, now we are going to receive our offering.
And it's quite good to sing during the offering.
Are they capable of singing?
All right.
We are going to receive our offering.
And so everyone who wants to give an offering, this is your chance.
Say, this is my chance to give an offering.
So everybody, please, it's offered three times, offered three.
Because I know how they say it, offer a tree.
We can give a good offering now.
So I'm going to invite the choir, but I'm going to pray about your offering first.
Father, bless us as we give in the name of Jesus we pray.
Amen.
Let's welcome the choir, the greater love gospel choir.
Just so it's going to help, all right?
Great to love, Qua, wherever you are sitting, the crowd come up on stage.
Bring your vibes to the side, wherever you have.
On your dancing, singing, singing, singing.
Qua, quickly, quickly, quickly.
Put your hands together.
Let's welcome the great to love, plus Qua, Qua.
I want to.
Mhm.
The way to know God, reading is the way to go deeper, reading is the way to catch the anointing.
Oh yeah, reading is the way of all great men.
Reading your Bible is the way, the way to become strong.
Oh, if you wanna whoa, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day, every day,
Poss apart, Paul had many parchments, reading is the way to glory.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
So, reading is the spirit of knowledge.
Reading is the spirit of understanding.
Yeah.
Reading is the spirit of wisdom.
Reading is the spirit to become a wise man.
Reading is the way to become strong.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Read your Bible.
Oh, read your Bible.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
your Bible and pray.
You can read all other books that teach the word.
The scriptures are able, able to make you wise.
Reading is the way
Could you, could you be loved?
Yeah, could you, could you, could you be loved?
Could you, could you?
Why can't you help me say go somewhere?
Free somewhere, you need to go somewhere.
Free somewhere, go to India, go somewhere.
Free somewhere, go to Argentina.